P1sar/feat/deployment guide and tf fixes (#12)
sygmaprotocol/sygma-relayer-deployment: README.md

# Sygma relayer Deployment guide

> This guide is a ste-by-stp manual that will help you deploy Sygma Relayer and join Sygma Bridge MPC consensus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide is a step-by-step manual that will help you deploy Sygma Relayer and join Sygma Bridge MPC consensus.
```

Author: Fixed spell errors

When the prompt appears to apply the changes, type `yes`.

#### Configuration script

The configuration for the relayers is in the folder `ecs`. For ECS we configure our applications with a Task Definition. [You can read more about it here](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonECS/latest/developerguide/task_definitions.html).

**Change EFS configuration according to your provision results.**

[efsVolumeConfiguration](https://github.com/sygmaprotocol/sygma-relayer-deployment/blob/main/ecs/task_definition_TESTNET.j2#L199) - set this value to the EFS File system ID that was created (should have `relayers-efs-Demo` name by default)

 Now all the infrastructure should be provisioned. And you should move to configuration.

#### Set Secret variables
Set the next secret variables in GitHub Secret variables section. They will be used for deployment.

 `AWS_REGION` - a region where you want your relayer to be deployed
 `AWS_ARN` - ARN of the user that will be deploying the Relayer
 `AWS_ROLE` - the name of IAM Role that will perform deployment

#### Cofigurate other GitHub action variables.

> You can also configure different [env vatiables](https://github.com/sygmaprotocol/sygma-relayer-deployment/blob/main/.github/workflows/deploy_ecs_TESTNET.yml#L8)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure different [env variables](https://github.com/sygmaprotocol/sygma-relayer-deployment/blob/main/.github/workflows/deploy_ecs_TESTNET.yml#L8)
```

During the infrastructure, provisioning terraforms scripts will create a number of secret parameters in the [Parameter Store](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/systems-manager/latest/userguide/systems-manager-parameter-store.html). You should manually set this parameter according to the following description

- **SYG_DOM_N -** domain configuration. One configuration per domain (network) (eg SYG_DOM_1, SYG_DOM_2, etc). Amount of supported domains is always growing, discuss this with the Sygma team but in general, scripts will create parameters for all Domains

    ```solidity
    {
        "id": 0,
        "name": "goerli",
        "type": "evm", // types {evm, substrate}
        "key": "123", // Private key that used to send execution transactions
        "endpoint": {RPC endpoint},
        "startBlock": 8415289, // the block from where your Relayer should start. (In most times it should be lastest block)
        "fresh": true,
    }

    {
        "id": 0,
        "name": "moonbase",
        "type": "evm", // types {evm, substrate}
        "key": "123", // Private key that used to send execution transactions
        "endpoint": "{RPC endpoint}",

>         "startBlock": 8415289, // the block from where your Relayer should start. (In most times it should be lastest block)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "startBlock": 8415289, // the block from where your Relayer should start. (Most times it should be lastest block)
```

        "fresh": true,
    }

    {
        "id": 0,
        "name": "mumbai",
        "type": "evm", // types {evm, substrate}
        "key": "123", // Private key that used to send execution transactions
        "endpoint": "{RPC endpoint}",

>         "startBlock": 8415289, // the block from where you Relayer should start. (In mos times it should be lastest block)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        "startBlock": 8415289, // the block from where you Relayer should start. (Most times it should be lastest block)
```

    This will generate an output LibP2P peer identity and LibP2P private key, you will need both. But for this param use LibP2P private key.
    **Note: keep private key secret**

    If you generate the key by yourself, you can find out complementary peer identity by running `peer info --private-key=<libp2p_identity_priv_key>`  This identity you will need later.

- **SYG_RELAYER_MPCCONFIG_TOPOLOGYCONFIGURATION_PATH**

    Example: `/mount/r1-top.json` Should be unique per relayer. (eg /mount/r1-top.json, /mount/r2-top.json, etc)

- **SYG_RELAYER_MPCCONFIG_TOPOLOGYCONFIGURATION_ENCRYPTIONKEY**

    AES secret key that is used to encrypt libp2p network topology. The Sygma team will provide you with this key.

Note:

- **SYG_RELAYER_MPCCONFIG_TOPOLOGYCONFIGURATION_URL**

    URL to fetch topology file from.  The Sygma team will provide you with this key.

- **SYG_RELAYER_MPCCONFIG_KEYSHAREPATH**

    Example: `/mount/r1.keyshare` - path to the file that will contain MPC private key share. Should be unique per relayer. (eg /mount/r1.keyshare, /mount/r2.keyshare, /mount/r3.keyshare, etc)

> ### Lunch relayer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Launching a relayer
```

> After all, the configuration parameters above are set we need to add your Relayer(s) to the Sygma MPC network by updating the network topology.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After all the configuration parameters above are set we need to add your Relayer(s) to the Sygma MPC network by updating the network topology.
```

Provide the Sygma team with the next params so we update the topology map:

1. The network address. This could be a DNS name or IP address.
2. Peer ID - determined from libp2p private key being used for that relayer (you can use relayers [CLI command](https://github.com/sygmaprotocol/sygma-relayer/blob/main/cli/peer/info.go) for this `peer info --private-key=<pk>`)

The final address of your relayer in the topology map will look this `"/dns4/relayer2/tcp/9001/p2p/QmeTuMtdpPB7zKDgmobEwSvxodrf5aFVSmBXX3SQJVjJaT"`

After all the information is provided Sygma team will regenerate Topology Map and initiate key Resharing by calling the Bridge contract [method](https://github.com/sygmaprotocol/sygma-solidity/blob/master/contracts/Bridge.sol#L351) with a new topology map hash.

### Run the deployment
After configuration is done, the current pipeline will run on every **push to the main branch**.
Make sure to grant all necessary permissions to the pipeline, either using IAM Roles or Environment Variables.

### Confirm
Go to the logs.
You should see something like

> `Processing 0 deposit events in blocks: 3422205 to 3422209` - this is the log that parses the blocks in search of bridging events. That means that relayer up and listening.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Processing 0 deposit events in blocks: 3422205 to 3422209` - this is the log that parses the blocks in search of bridging events. That means that relayer is up and listening.
```

## Other

#### To change the number of relayers to deploy
Amount of IDS in array set amount of relayers to be deployed.

#### Relayer shared configuration
Relayer configuration is done with `--config-url` flag on Relayer start and can be changed [here](https://github.com/sygmaprotocol/sygma-relayer-deployment/blob/main/ecs/task_definition_TESTNET.j2#L23)

> This flag set-up shared configuration IPNS URL that is used by all Relayers in the MPC network and provided by Sygma.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This flag sets up shared configuration IPNS URL that is used by all Relayers in the MPC network and provided by Sygma.
```
